My heavens Pancho's Rogers go to the
videogame stupid
hey there Jackie's robotics here we're
going to like a vintage retro gaming
store right now Juliet's down with the
brown so we're doing it down with the
wait what - cam yet again Julia's
favorite please pay attention in the
road
what are we in the market for at this
video game store only I gotta turn this
down cover what are we looking for what
do you what are you trying to trying to
get here say they have every console
imaginable every game what are you um
see I don't know that much about video
game son I'd love I love it yeah a Super
Nintendo
nice choice that's it's two players
that'd be perfect for tennis then now
we're talking now what game oh you know
be really my RPG yeah yeah that'd be
great
cuz for those you guys don't know that's
my favorite game I talk about all the
freaking time and it just
Julia's never got to play it that would
be so ideal but
so but mata yeah yeah I'm not keeping my
fingers crossed that's what it is right
oh I'm keeping my fingers crossed
no but it's like sarcastic like let you
down it's all my rough not holding my
breath not holding my breath for this
one guys oh my god watch this bugger
please be careful I don't want to murder
married I super murder there oh oh oh my
god
super murder OMG there it is juggies the
video game store buy sell trade I'm not
gonna bring the camera in here because
it seems small and they're gonna be
looking at me all funny and they're
gonna be like we don't you filming in
here to be awkward but just know I'm
gonna look like this the whole time
Juliet totally just ditched me to go to
some acapella thing so I'm here
wandering this random campus yes
what's up mans go on YouTube million
views shit you're not Mick Jagger
Nuggets
college kids are so friendly that was
just like I think we just ran into a
legitimate clown
I made them fake I was like sitting at a
million views later away they're like
wait what's he kind of serious what's
your channel name oh my god I didn't
know who I was
probably cuz my my whole fan base is in
elementary middle school I'm kidding I
know you guys are older but what does it
matter we're all juggies we're all
badass so yeah just chilling there's
that thing oh that's a person Oh baby
get my workout and today the
architecture right now in this building
is insane a half the film here so now
that Juliette's gone it's times like
these where I finally get to think and
remember what's going on and what
happened to Eagles Landing and now we're
just randomly in the school Lords ax
house you know I forget you know I don't
have a home doing YouTube for a job and
a lot of what my dad said it's
resonating finally and I don't know what
to do guys I got off the phone my uncle
and he did say yeah we could work
something out where I could stay there
and Zach did offer I could go back to
his house but I just don't know you know
is that gonna be enough you know when's
this gonna end am I gonna get my own
place or what I can't afford it but I
don't know I'm gonna do a video on this
later more exploring the situation and
our choices
Oh baby this section is even cooler
where am I
I hear the birds from Eagles Landing god
I missed that place Jesus where am I so
I'm walking into like a cemetery right
now oh gosh this is not good see Jessie
should not be left by himself because
then he starts to get into trouble like
freaking Curious George oh oh this is
wall here oh oh god save us all this is
what that building was like from the
outside holy shet it looks like a jello
mold hey you guys skip behind a camera
here that's a little shoutout for you
bro cuz you gave me a mcjuggernuggets in
the beginning year blog hey there she is
I spotted her I don't know if she knows
I'm here she looks so small I could
squish her squish her with my fingers ha
ha ha mission accom oh my god that's
Juliet right that's Juliet right hi can
I get your autograph your autograph
okay good can I get a hug take it hug
yeah
oh mai gerd it's Chipotle over there
please tell me we're not eating there
okay good man man it's not like the
roadrunner we're gonna go get something
to eat juggies then we'll pick it back
up with y'all
you know how I get when I don't eat food
have you missed me it's literally like
2:30 in the morning oh oh what's that
Oh whatever happened when we went to the
videogame store like did we buy anything
well you tell me oh sure that's my
favorite game in the world
Super Mario RPG and look who's playing
it we've been geeking out for hours
tonight and she's actually really far
into it she's working on her third star
I love you guys know this game but you
gotta play the greatest game ever made
and versiv Nintendo but that covers that
anyway hope you guys enjoyed the video
I'm exhausted right now I'm one of these
guys for you okay I was all along okay
it's B got the sleepy haha uh but yeah
don't forget subscribe for more content
you got Twitter Instagram links in the
description you guys gotta follow me
stay updated
I only got one more night with Juliet
that's tomorrow night I gotta go I don't
know where uh but you guys helped me
decide that
so Jesse's happy he's got video games I
love you all juggies and thank you so
freakin much for 900,000 juggies we're
in the homestretch guys one hour
thousand more to hit the big Milly keep
it Ritchie guys